Allow to skip the save post-step (#489)
actions/cache: README.md

* `key` - An explicit key for restoring and saving the cache
* `restore-keys` - An ordered list of keys to use for restoring the cache if no cache hit occurred for key

### Environment Variables

> * `CACHE_SKIP_SAVE` - [optinal] When set on step, any modifications made to the restored cache will not be persisted back at the end of the step.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `CACHE_SKIP_SAVE` - [optional] When set to `true`, any modifications made to the restored cache will not be persisted back at the end of the step.  This environment variable can be set at any time using `echo "CACHE_SKIP_SAVE=true" >> $GITHUB_ENV`
```

Author: https://github.com/actions/cache/pull/489/commits/91185bb10f818be7d9890148bf120e8c89440cc0

    - uses: actions/checkout@v2

    - name: Cache Primes
      env:

>         CACHE_SKIP_SAVE: true

Reviewer: Given that this is the default example and skipping cache save is a special case, I wouldn't include this here.  Perhaps move this into the Examples.md file and we can add some specific examples of where this is useful.

Reviewer: Something we can also highlight in the example is how users can either set this on the cache step as shown here or using `echo "CACHE_SKIP_SAVE=true" >> $GITHUB_ENV`.

Author: I think the changes you've suggested on the readme file capture it well enough

Reviewer 2: @roni-frantchi & @dhadka, would be great if this PR could be merged to reduce the workflow runtime when a cache-update isn't required. Seems like only a small adjustment would be needed?
Not sure if [this issue](https://github.com/actions/cache/issues/597) could be addressed in this PR too: skipping the post-step altogether when there was a cache-hit.

Author: > Not sure if this issue could be addressed in this PR too

I'm not sure that it can either...  
Seeing so many are expecting it, maybe we should explore doing it on another PR?..  

> Seems like only a small adjustment would be needed?

Sorry @rene-leanix it's been a while - what adjustment would that be?..

Reviewer 2: @roni-frantchi, I was just referring to @dhadka's comments above in this thread: [here](https://github.com/actions/cache/pull/489/files#r616281599) and [here](https://github.com/actions/cache/pull/489/files#r616282355).

      run: /generate-primes.sh -d prime-numbers

    - name: Use Prime Numbers

>       env:

Reviewer 3: This would need to be an `env` variable on the `cache-primes` step

Author: https://github.com/actions/cache/pull/489/commits/6ceddd55d128082f23eaf7026dfd38e5f14baa41

      run: /generate-primes.sh -d prime-numbers

    - name: Use Prime Numbers
      env:

>         CACHE_SKIP_SAVE: true

Reviewer: This should be removed now that it's set on the `cache-primes` step.

Author: https://github.com/actions/cache/pull/489/commits/64daede5552c68991cba51f3bc0ac2bc26945a11

>       env:
>         CACHE_SKIP_SAVE: true

Author: ```suggestion
```
